[rocprofiler-systems] Deprecate rocprof-sys user API (#3873)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/docs/how-to/using-rocprof-sys-api.rst

Using the ROCm Systems Profiler API
****************************************************

.. deprecated::
   The ROCm Systems Profiler user API is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

>    Use the `ROCTx Markers <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler-sdk/en/latest/_doxygen/roctx/html/group__marker__group.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the `ROCTx Markers <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler-sdk/en/latest/how-to/using-rocprofiler-sdk-roctx.html>`_
```
This may be a better link to use.
